They say list your education and work experiences, so here they are. Am I fully proud of all of these educations and positions? I would get back to you with my answer to this question in 20 years, so tune in! There are always those short ones, and long prominent ones, those you want to show and those you are not sure about them, here are mine. If you look closely, you can tell there is/was always a struggle between education and career; I give you a hint, I have a passion for web thingies, all things web, those things that can scale up and down, those things that can tell you what to do, those other things can outperform that other old stuff, that new stuff that no one except the demo repo uses and other things like these. Also, I am stupid enough to jump right into new stuff and give myself headaches and pain, kind of fun at the end of the night.

My education in the computer field in general started with a simple demand of I want a website for myself, and no one except myself can satisfy these "sophisticated" requirements. So everything started with a non-sense passion which turned out to be both of the worlds I enjoy. It's both visual and logical. so sometimes I can dive down to which colors is the best color for this tiny border no one going to notice, and sometimes I can get obsessed with how to choose and connect everything to make sure it can grow and scale.

Web thingies are mostly PHP. I didn't have a decent computer back in 2011. It was a cheap 15" HP laptop with limited resources. And PHP just ran on it without needing to go through multi-step of compile and optimization and lob lob lob. Java, C#, and other related languages were out of my league. I was stubborn enough to stick with it. It can do what I am capable of and what I want to do and perform as I want. So yeah, it's good enough. (and profitable) 

For me, life is not still figured out, so I am not still sure what I want to do with rest of my life (if so). Education and research life seem demanding, but dealing with students and staffs and publish deadlines is not. Web and programming and thinking and all of it's challenges is fun, but excessively repetitive tasks and projects in the same context just because you have spent too much time on them is not. My dream job is to be an open source contributer and pay my bills with that only from my cozy corner of my room. (insert some emojis here)

